feat: removed bound address (#12)
kadena-io/hardhat-kadena-plugin: packages/hardhat-create2-proxy/docs/decisions/003-create2proxy-salt-strategy.md

> # ADR 0003: CREATE2 Proxy Salting Strategy

Reviewer: same comment as for 002. Let's replace proxy with factory everywhere.

## Status

Accepted

## Date: 19-05-2025

## Context

> `CREATE2` allows contracts to be deployed at deterministic addresses based on four inputs: the proxy address, the salt, the bytecode hash, and the initialization code. This enables predictable contract addresses, which is useful for many deployment patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CREATE2` allows contracts to be deployed at deterministic addresses based on three inputs: the deployer (factory) address, the salt, and the initialization code hash. This enables predictable contract addresses, which is useful for many deployment patterns.
```

Reviewer: the bytecode hash is the initialization code hash. They are one and the same.

Reviewer: I for got about the 0xFF constant, which is the first param. I modified my suggestion
